README for the stix package, version 2014-01-01

The Scientific and Technical Information eXchange (STIX) font is
intended to solve the publishing needs of authors, publishers,
printers, and others working in the scientific, medical, and
technical fields. It is intended as a comprehensive Unicode based
font of mathematical symbols and alphabets. The intent is to provide
a single font that can be used throughout the production process.
The production process can be a traditional print one, be entirely
electronic, or be a combination. 

The project began through the joint efforts of American Mathematical
Society (AMS), American Institute of Physics Publishing (AIP),
American Physical Society (APS), American Chemical Society (ACS),
Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), and Elsevier
Science. These companies are collectively known as the STI Pub
companies.

This distribution provides a new packaging format of the STIX
fonts suitable for use with LaTeX. The glyph set is based on the
previously released Version 1.1.0 glyph set.

The stix package provides LaTeX support for using STIX fonts in both
text and math. While the primary focus of this release is the math
portion of the fonts, text fonts are provided as well. The text
fonts are provided in both T1 (default) and OT1 encodings, as well
as TS1 symbol font encoding, which cover only a subset of Latin
characters supported by STIX fonts. The math support covers nearly
every mathematical symbol in STIX fonts, around 2400 symbols in 11
regular fonts, in addition to around 1950 symbols in 10 bold fonts.
There are also three fonts containing extra miscellaneous symbols,
stix-extra1, stix-extra2 and stix-extra3, provided as TFM and PFB
files without support from the macro package.

To install this package, unzip the /install/fonts/stix.tds.zip
archive at the root of any suitable texmf tree and, if necessary,
update the file-name database (e.g., texhash texmf).  Update
the font maps by doing updmap[-sys] -enable Map stix.map.
For usage instructions, see the stix.pdf document.

This distribution also includes the version 1.1.1 OpenType font
files for use with XeLaTeX or LuaLaTeX. Previously released versions
of the fonts are not included, but are available from 
http://sourceforge.net/projects/stixfonts/.

The STIX fonts are licensed under the SIL Open Font License, 
Version 1.1. The support software is licensed under the terms of the
LaTeX Project Public License. The maintainer of this package is Mark
Doyle (doyle@aps.org). STI Pub would like to acknowledge the significant
work Khaled Hosny performed in preparing the LaTeX fonts. We would
also like to thank Bob Tennent for his assistance in packaging the fonts
and updating the README for distribution on CTAN. 

